Circumvent constructing unregistered program type nodes in `ConversionGraph` (#986)
qBraid/qBraid: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed lazy importing bug in `plot_histogram` method ([#972](https://github.com/qBraid/qBraid/pull/972))
- Fixed bug which caused all `braket` conversions to be unavailable if `cirq` was not installed due to an eager top-level import in `braket_to_cirq.py` which should have been done lazily ([#982](https://github.com/qBraid/qBraid/pull/982))
- Made Pulser unit test version-agnostic to support any installed Pulser version. ([#983](https://github.com/qBraid/qBraid/pull/983))

> - Fixed the bug that included unregistered program type in `ConversionGraph`. ([#986](SaashaJoshi:unregister))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the bug that included unregistered program type in `ConversionGraph`. ([#986](https://github.com/qBraid/qBraid/pull/986))
```
